After a woman gets married, no matter how bad the man treats her,
During the meal, the adults thought that she had nothing to do but why she just didn't want to get married.
Well, I'm the vice president. After most women get married,
Everyone's popularity with the family will increase.
Although people can feel the news when I take pictures of you,
And I am independent at work, but I may not ask you to take photos of you.
The description of marriage for women is as follows.
I said, shoot you. I talk too much
It's not good to take care of you when you return.
If you pay a pie, what else can you get?
This is Shiya’s own self. Do not brag about it.
Grandpa is coming back today
She said she asked you to take the holy cotton with you
Let's go pick her up together
Mom, I know
It’s a good look at the people who come back to the Holy Family
Lest they earn money from the old man's presence
What thoughts should not be included in life?
Okay, you can take care of the bad boss
sorry sorry
I'm really sorry, Mr. Fu.
Others keep calling me husband
You really should apologize
holy cotton of holy cotton
Even if she is really your husband
It’s not like you really can’t scream out.